Two
Go (yeah)
That's true
Yeah
Uzi, Uzi, not again
Uzi, wake your ass up
And I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (yeah)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (woah)
I ain't gon' lie (chee)
I ain't gon' lie
Lil Uzi Vert (chee)
Lil Uzi Vert
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
And I just wanna let you know (let you know)
I really, really wanna let you know
That I really don't give a fuck what nobody say about me (I don't)
'Cause you know, I'm the one (yeah)
Yes, I'm the one that really started all this (go, yeah)
And you know, I changed a lot of you niggas
In a matter of months, I raised a lot of you niggas (it's true)
They know I'm the one so it's no way they could stop it
Tried to run off with the swag
I put 'em in pocket (yeah)
Told my main girl to stop it (stop)
She saw me up in a picture, I thought they cropped it (oh my God)
Damn, she think I popped it (oh my God)
I will not give these bitches this dick, let them top it (oh yeah)
Woah, we're ending that topic
In the industry with Dickies all on my Pac shit (hey)
And I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (what you got?)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (what you got?)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (what you got?)
I ain't gon' lie (huh, what you got? Huh, what you got?)
I ain't gon' lie (what you got?)
Yeah, the famous life, it'll eat you up alive
It's a game, had to put my feelings to the side
(Put 'em to the side, ayy)
Yeah, the famous life, it'll eat you up alive
It's a game, had to put my feelings to the side
Time's up, I check my watch every hour
All of my diamonds, they blinding
I can't fuck her, she a minor (ayy)
Time's up, I check my watch every hour
All of my diamonds, they blinding
I can't fuck her, she a minor
Look for your bitch, you can't find her
I was the one right behind her (yeah, yeah)
Talking that shit, you get tied up
Don't got enough? Get your grind up
The reason I got all these bitches and got all these diamonds
I can't make my mind up (chee)
Mind up, she gave me head, gave that mind up
And I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (what you got?)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (what you got?)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (what you got?)
I ain't gon' lie (what you got?)
